c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\obj\x86\Debug\SIR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SIR.exe
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SIR.pdb
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\obj\x86\Debug\SIR.exe
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\obj\x86\Debug\SIR.pdb
c:\users\add\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tile.png
C:\Users\ADD\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\testMap.txt
C:\Users\ADD\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\testMap2.txt
C:\Users\ADD\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tile7x7.png
C:\Users\ADD\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\ADD\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\ADD\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SIR\SIR\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\gameFont.xnb
X:\Year 3\Modelling and Simulation\SIR\SIR\obj\x86\Debug\SIR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
X:\Year 3\Modelling and Simulation\SIR\SIR\obj\x86\Debug\SIR.exe
X:\Year 3\Modelling and Simulation\SIR\SIR\obj\x86\Debug\SIR.pdb
